Hi! We have one more exercise with database.
So this is the question to exercise 91 and for this exercise please download the database file database.db
again or if you have either I did just use what you have and also please download ten_more_countries
.txt file which looks like this.
So we have 10 countries and the area along each country.
So Id, country name, and area.
And what I want you to do is I want you to add the rows of this file.
These 10 rows to the database file so that the database looks like this.
So we have 50 countries from the existing database but then we have 10 more countries added from the
text file starting from Spain.
Turkmenistan.
And so on up to Japan.
And you also see that the text file didn't have a population column and therefore these would be NULL
in here.
We have nothing to add there.
So that's the outputs points you need to generate.
Hope you find this fun and I'll talk to you later.